Release 5.0.1 (#262)
blackbaud/skyux-layout: CHANGELOG.md

# 5.0.1 (2021-11-09)

> - Fixed toolbar disabled button styles in modern theme. [#261](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-layout/pull/261)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the toolbar disabled button styles in modern theme. [#261](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-layout/pull/261)
```
Missing an article, but there's probably a better way to write this. I'll let Docs chime in...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed the toolbar's disabled button styles in modern theme. [#261](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-layout/pull/261)
```
Not much to add except that I'd also make "toolbar" possessive.
